ERC-20 Data Structures
There are two important data structures used by the ERC-20 token standard that we should review:

balances: mapping of token balances, by owner. Each transfer is a deduction from one balance and an addition to another balance.

allowances: mapping of allowances/delegate spending. This is a nested mapping in which the primary key is the address of the token owner which maps to a spender address and amount delegated to spend.

----
Each ERC20 token has its own supply which is the total number of the tokens that are in circulation. Tokens can be minted to addresses in any number of creative ways. The majority of the time they are minted to a single address and transferred to a crowdsale contract.


It's interesting to note that while these values are on most ERC20 tokens, they are, in fact, optional. An ERC20 token does not need to specify its name, symbol or decimals to adhere to the standard. These values are purely for added usability.

---------------
EVENTS IN TOKEN

Transfer
MUST trigger when tokens are transferred, including zero value transfers.

A token contract which creates new tokens SHOULD trigger a Transfer event with the _from address set to 0x0 when tokens are created.

event Transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint256 _value)
 Approval
MUST trigger on any successful call to approve(address _spender, uint256 _value).

event Approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _spender, uint256 _value)



==> When a topic is marked as "indexed", it means that the Ethereum Virtual Machine will hash the topic's value before storing it in the log entry. This allows the Ethereum client software to efficiently search for log entries based on the values of indexed topics.

Indexed topics can be used to filter and sort log entries based on specific criteria, such as the address of the sender, the type of event that occurred, or other important information. This makes it easier for developers and users to analyze the data generated by smart contracts and to identify specific events of interest.


